PHP/DB Tasks:
	save and load interest img from db

	load interest id from the search filter

	user table:
		how to store passwords in mysql db
		profile pic
		check if email already exists while login

	user, event:
		event pic

	accept and assign interests to events

	add Founded column to event table

	what if a pulled field is null
	what happens when i try n display it on d screen

	db operation returns nothing, return error ... for eg eventid doesnt exist



HTML/CSS Tasks:
	create event page, make date and time fields such that user cant manually enter anything and is forced to select from the date-picker for date and dropdown list for time so that there's no problem of storing or displaying it

	geolocation and google maps api

	already logged in? which page to load??? use cookies??

	add page titles for each page

	comments at the end of events page

	adding hyperlinks on all pages


JS Tasks:
	form validations for pages ...

	fit sizes of images on homepage slider (and all other places as well)




Professor Requirements:


CS people need to have a DB backend that talks to their frontend using PHP. You MUST have these functionalities: Adding/modifying/deleting/searching the DB all using a graphical interface that you write. Directly adding records into the DB is not allowed except initially to have some data to start with.

ALL groups must have a contact form that uses PHP to receive some information from the user and stores in a text file (we have done the first part in the class. You gotta go and figure out how to open a file and write something into it using PHP). You could also be more adventurous and store this information in a DB but that's not a requirement.

ALL groups must have at least 2 (two) jQueryUI effects on their site. Example: autocomplete, datepicker, accordion menu, tabbed menu and so on. Get creative here! [Find the zip file of the code I used in class on Canvas under files/resources]


We have completed Adding Searching DB - Modifying and Deleting is remaining

We need to create contact form - Refer LMB Productions


jQueryUI Effects - I think we are Done with this (datepicker, accordion menu, tabbed menu)

